Extended the documentation of default-log (#954)
quarkiverse/quarkus-google-cloud-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/logging.adoc

=== Basic
Currently, the logging system uses a single Google Cloud Operations log and this is a mandatory configuration parameter.

> * `quarkus.google.cloud.logging.default-log` - This is the nam of the resource to which the log belogs. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `quarkus.google.cloud.logging.default-log` - This is the name of the resource to which the log belongs. See
```
